King's Landing
Is it really okay for us to come here today?
Don't worry, but I'm still a little scared.
I never thought of that.
Jiao Junlin, you
How dare you come?
Ye Yufei
You used to be by your side
But no man can get close
I didn't expect to see you for a few days
You become a fox
What's it to you that I hug my husband?
Hu Yunzhong, I advise you to give me a good letter student
Is there such hostility?
I'm afraid of your wife.
What a wave!
In case one day he accidentally snaps
Put a cuckold on you
That's not good, hahaha.
Wenzhuang, keep your mouth clean
Ye Yufei, what are you yelling at me?
You, Lao Tzu, are no longer the same as before
The simp behind your butt
I'll tell you what.
I wouldn't have hung myself from your tree long ago
I'm hugging right and left now, and there are many women around me
You are in my eyes
That's just an ordinary little bitch
Humph
I can humiliate you as much as I want
Shut up if you dare to say one more word
Your sister is your end
Get a cut army for you
How dare you hit me?
Ok you wait for me
My sister's slap
I'll make you pay it back tenfold later
You dare not do it now
I'm waiting for your Chu family
The big guy behind it?
So what if I was?
OK. I'll go in first.
You wait slowly
Wait for the big shot behind you to arrive
When I want to stand up for you
Remember to let him come to me I'll wait